[docs] New agent installation mode (#122)
OpenBAS-Platform/docs: docs/deployment/ecosystem/executors.md

![Crowdstrike Endpoints](../assets/crowdstrike-endpoints.png)

> NB : An asset can only have one CrowdStrike agent installed due to the uniqueness of the MAC address parameters. If you try to install again a CrowdStrike agent on a platform, it will overwrite the actual one and you will always see one endpoint on the OpenBAS endpoint page.

Reviewer: @EllynBsc Should we write all entities like: assets, endpoints, teams... in capitalize case? thank you :)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NB : An asset can only have one CrowdStrike agent installed due to the uniqueness of hostname and IP parameters. If you try to install again a CrowdStrike agent on a platform, it will overwrite the actual one and you will always see one endpoint on the OpenBAS endpoint page.
```
